Scene 1

Able Township’s just on the horizon. See it now? Not much more than a few fences to keep the zoms out. I don’t know how they live like that. Guess they won’t be living like that much longer. Able Township. Jolly Alpha 59er from Mullen’s Military Base. We’re five miles out, approaching from the east, bringing med supplies, shelters, and loan of one of our people. Able Township, Jolly 59er requesting permission to land.

Got that… uh… I mean, roger that. You’re clear to… yeah, you can… you can come on in. Roger, Able. Heading down now. Level with me. You and me both know we haven’t got half the usual supplies. We’ve lied to the township. Yeah, I know you don’t know anything. Someone at Able is going to come up to you and say, “I’m here to brief you on Project Green Shoot.” And then you’ll find out what your mission really is. I just… what the hell? Someone’s shooting. That’s not from the township. Who the hell has a rocket launcher? We’re hit! I’ve lost the tail rotor. Mayday, Mayday, Mayday. Jolly 59er going down three miles east of Able Township. Two souls on board. This is Able Township calling. Supply copter, can you hear us? You’re coming down fast. Can any of you hear us? Open your shoots. Don’t jump.

Hey. Hey, I… I… this is Able Township calling, over. If there’s anyone alive, if you’ve got your parachute open, this is Samiau from Able Township. Oh, I’m just a… I’m just a radio operator, man. I’m not supposed to handle this stuff. You’ve come down in a horde of zombies. They’ve heard the noise. They’re coming. There are 30… no, 40. Ah, crap. Your only safe path is towards the tower. If there’s anyone alive there, just run. Run!



scene 2

Wow, there’s… there’s someone alive down there. Running. Hey, can you hear me? No answer. Still, just… look at ‘em go! Heading for the tower, just like I said. Okay, running person, if you can hear me… well, you’re going great. The main group’s behind you and you’re going to come out of this forest soon, but there’s a… yeah. Well, I… I can’t think of a phrase that’s not “small army of zombies.” Sorry, don’t do so well under massive pressure. There’s a… one of those directly to the east of the trees. So, if you head more towards the old sawmill, you should be able to see its massive red signs from where you are. Man, look at that. They’re changing direction! They can… you can hear me! Okay, okay, we can keep you safe. It’s cool. It’s cool, we can bring you in. No, no, we can’t ask them that. They might be injured. All the more reason to ask them then. This is Dr. Meyers, the only medic here at Able Township. Lord knows I’m sorry to ask you this, but your route will take you almost past the old hospital. We know there are medical kits still there from the first wave of infection. If you could pick up even one or two, that would help us. That’s too dangerous! You know what happened to Runner 5? The zoms have all followed the noise of the crash. But what about whoever fired that rocket launcher? If someone was to kill that runner, taking an unusual route would make it even harder, not easier. I don’t want to be hard-headed, but everyone in this township earns their keep. You should be able to see the Robinson Hospital now. One of the buildings, Griffin Tower, it’s the tallest in the abandoned city. And if you can’t find anything, we might not be able to let you in when you get here.